# SIH
http://sci-hub.tw/10.1016/j.apenergy.2017.11.072
From <https://www.hindawi.com/journals/acisc/2018/2846748/> 
"By a complete, interactive, goal-seeking agent we do not always mean something like a complete organism or robot. These are clearly examples, but a complete, interactive, goal-seeking agent can also be a component of a larger behaving system. In this case, the agent directly interacts with the rest of the larger system and indirectly interacts with the larger system’s environment."

A driving cycle consists of microtravel and has a period of 5 to 40 minutes. This duration must contain sufficient microtrips that reflect driving behavior in the real world. The following are some basic cycle parameters carried out by a section of the new highway Tuxtla Gutierrez, Suchiapa, Villaflores (Duration: 499 s; distance: 5.4 km; average speed: 60.2 km / h; maximum speed: 85.5 km/h). Figure 9 shows the minitrip used in experimental results. 
In any case, it is important to get key variables such as speed, acceleration, distance, and slope of the route. When talking about the development of the management cycle, three steps are important: route selection, data collection, and construction cycle. Route selection involves selecting the course to describe the cycle. It is to determine whether the route is a highway with a constant velocity, arterial roads, or urban driving, for example. Data collection is the ability to collect data parameters with appropriate sensors to describe the driving cycle. Finally, several microtrips are made and once all the data is collected, the time domain function of the vehicle speed is constructed.
transmission system and δ represents conversion ratio of vehicle rolling mass. In this research, the road slope is set to be zero. To simplify the question in the research, only the pure electric mode is considered and the required power of the motor approximately equals the required power of the PHEV. 
